
MVC element

Problems of my implementation ==>


I believe there are some real string issues.


The implementation.


A try catch {


}


rendering a Response() => sending it.


Maths are teaching me so much.


My main thn


Is my mySQL database running?




This is hell. I can't debug it as I don't get any error return.


I have an error when I'm calling an unexisting file in my controller, but not when the file I'm calling calls a file that doesn't exist.

Maybe should I just relaunch the server?

Ok, totally unplug this behaviour. The only thing is memorize this set of bits. No room for any frustration.


It looks there is a workflow issue with the browser.



Well, I can't debug this thing.

Ok, better.

Interesting. It looks like the apache server doesn't break on error. I guess it's settable.


However, my implementation is very problematic as files are called arbitrarily in order.

Then, I don't redefine variables.

I should handle that now.

I should create myself a Jira system, to remember all the thi


How to have Javascript to work with it.

What's the good way to structure this project?

I don't know. You could have a structure


  base

    template -> script

  footer


  (inconvenient => mix)


  base -> all js

     template

  footer

  ( inconvenient => unnceccesarry execution )



  -----

  Problem ==> How about I need to use common JS for several pages.

  A possible solution would be to insert a scriot tag, directly into the element.


  .htaccess


  I don't exactly understand what's going on in the backend.


  ------

  28/06

  What should I do?

  Build the most interesting tree there is.

  Let's build dad a business, and retain the system.

  I did create what we call a template page.


  Basically, when the software parses the code, the information passed in the url are read.


  What's the best solution to take notes.

  I'd like to have a system that easily allows me to get structured info.


  What does that mean?

  My problem is that my note taking finishes in trash.

  I could have a system forcing myself to format my notes?

  Like, impossible to save the note if the text is not humanly readable.

  I may want to use React in that thing dude.

  I also may want to interest in what webpack is, and why it is useful.

  //


  I want dad to simply make a db request and build a project if it doesn't exist.

  I probably should stabilize the whole structure.



 -----


 Security

 Design => Copy instagram


------

Technically, this is the heart of the whole thing.


-------


Alright, I realize I make a really really hard job.

How to proceed there?

I need to go step by step.

So, first of all I need to have a system allowing me to store the whole technical history.

Is it the case? Else, I need to build modules.
